Tell me about yourself?

	My name is Arnab Bit, a Final year Student persuing Bachelors in Computer Engineering. In am very interested in the field of software development, though i am flexible and can adapt to other technologies as well. I have worked on and studied Computer Vision, Full stack Web development and Core Languages like C++, Java, Pyhton etc. The project i am currently working on intends to explore novel attack strategies on android systems. My strength is Good Communication skills, a Good listener and Leadership skills.
	My weakness is that i can't relax if i have got pending work which can make me look like too work focused
	Aside from the techinical aspects I enjoy swimming , running, meditation and learning about pop-science.

What are your hobbies?
	
	I like to meditate everyday, this brings me peace and helps me get rid of any anxiety that i might have.
	In my leisure, i like to read/watch the new advances in techology in the world
	I like to excercise, this keep me healthy,both in body and  in mind
	I occasionaly also like to make mentor videos teaching about a topic of choice i feel is required on youtube.
	I also like to read philosophy and discuss about philosphy in online communities.


Should hobbies be productive or relaxing? What is your opinion?
	
	I feel that it can be a blend between both of them, say one likes to watch tv, but it can be coupled with watching something informative and exciting.

How memory allocation in Python takes place?
	
	The Python memory manager manages chunks of memory called “Blocks”. A collection of blocks of the same size makes up the “Pool”. Pools are created on Arenas, chunks of 256kB memory allocated on heap=64 pools. If the objects get destroyed, the memory manager fills this space with a new object of the same size.

Explain about Join function in Python with examples?
	
	Python join() method is used to concat a string with iterable object. It returns a new string which is the concatenation of the strings in iterable. It throws an exception TypeError if iterable contains any non-string value.

Basic questions on Python related to strings and lists.
	

Displayed a Python code snippet that was on Bitwise operators and asked me to predict the output.
	& - and
	| - or
	! - not
	^ - XOR



Why there are no pointers in Java?
	Java has a robust security model, and doesn't allow pointer arithmetic for the same reason.
	Also General purpose OOP Programs do not require Manual Memory management which is the main use of pointers, instead java has automatic garbage collector for memory management 

More one or two basic questions on Java.
Displayed a Java code snippet that was on for loop and asked me to predict the output.

Write a Python code to split a given list into two halves and print a list as the output where the second half of the list should be 
before the first half in the final output list. I was also asked to execute and show the output.

	mylist=[1,2,4,5,6]
	l=len(mylist)
	x=[]
	for i in range(l//2,l):
    	x.append(mylist[i])
	for i in range(l//2):
    	x.append(mylist[i])
	print(x)




Difference between TRUNCATE and DELETE statements in SQL

	DELETE deletes records one by one and makes an entry for each and every deletion in the transaction log, whereas TRUNCATE de-allocates pages and makes an entry for de-allocation of pages in the transaction log.
	Truncate reseeds identity values, whereas delete doesn't.
	Truncate removes all records and doesn't fire triggers.
	Truncate is faster compared to delete as it makes less use of the transaction log.
	Truncate is not possible when a table is referenced by a Foreign Key or tables are used in replication or with indexed views.	

Given an SQL query, I was asked to predict the output.

Write a java code to find the second maximum from an array given by the user. I was also asked to execute and show the output.
	
	int [] arr = new int[] {1,3,2,4,6,5};
    int max=0;int maxnext=0;
    for(int i=0;i<arr.length;i++){
        if(arr[i]>max)
            max=arr[i];
    }
    
    for(int i=0;i<arr.length;i++){
        if(arr[i]<max){
         if (arr[i]>maxnext)
            maxnext=arr[i];
        }
    }
    
    System.out.println(maxnext);















HR

How is production support different from software development?

Production Support
Pros:
Besides understanding the code, you will understand the design, analysis from the user’s perspective.
And a well-rounded developer with communication skills and domain knowledge is capable of doing this well.
You will be better at identifying and filling in the gaps the business analysis phase

Cons:
You will have less idle time in case of Severity 1,2 issues. Production support is unpredictable and can involve impromptu urgency
You may be on-call support and need to attend the issue ASAP wherever you are and you are expected to deliver results instead of explanations.
Replicating some Production issues may not be easy especially if some one else has developed the code and you fix it.

Software Development 
Pros:
Job satisfaction, if you have the enthusiasm to build something from scratch and modify accordingly and maintain it in the advanced versions
You have more command on the functionality as you have done thorough analysis before coding
Flexible hours as you can develop the code before the expected deadline during development phase as it may not require your attention to impromptu urgency during development phase and if the coding is perfect, even during testing and production phase

Cons:
There’s a lot to know, and one can’t possibly know it all – or even a good part of it, in a reasonable amount of time
You have to be flexible during testing as the requirements may change in the drop of a hat and you are expected to code accordingly
It’s a never ending learning process as technology changes in the blink of an eye.


Explain a situation where you had to work as a team? What was your role?

There are multiple events where i had to work as a team,
First, i was the leader of my group and we as a team qualified at the internal Hackathon, of Smart India Hackaton 2020. Here i had to listen to everyone's arguments and take the final call, a team mate was very critical of the algorithm we were going to use and i was able to convince him, by going over forums and blogs and at the end called a vote. 

I was also the inter departmental head at Department of Engineering Student Association in my first year, i had done a lot of extra ciricular work, talked to many seniors and held collaborative events, and had an overall positive association with the student body in the entire department.

Tells us about yourself which is not in the Resume?

I like listening to Philosophy and try to hear new ideas and perspectives of different people on basic questions of life. ex, what is soul? should we care about karma ? etc etc 

What do you know about Wileymthree? Why do you want to work with Wileymthree?

Wiley mthree is talent partner to global blue-chip enterprises, understanding their business and workforce requirements to ensure commercial outcomes are achieved. You source, train and hire diverse outstanding people with the skills that are most in-demand and embed them seamlessly into your clients’ teams over the course of upto 24 months, at which point they can be converted to full-time employees. 
Alternatively, wiley mthree can also reskill a client’s employees.
Mthree operates a leading global community of trained technologists’ and professionals across the experience spectrum, from interns & graduates through to career changers, veterans and seasoned experts.







What do you do in your spare time to further your career interests?
